This file is marked [CC0 1.0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

## AI guidelines

This project does not take contributions substantially or wholly generated by AI.

The definition of a contribution must be taken as very broad.
It includes the code in PRs, but also the text written in issues and the like.

---

Limited use of AI is permitted in these situations:
- No artifact generated by an AI is submitted to the repo
  - For example: You may use an agent to ask questions about the codebase
  - Though, AI code reviews are not permitted as that would be a wholly AI generated contribution
- Artifacts inspired by AI are submitted to the project
  - For example: You may use a chat as rubber duck or to ask for inspiration
- Artifacts contain small obvious snippets suggested by AI
  - For example: You may ask an AI something you would otherwise typically use StackOverflow for.
  - But: Normal StackOverflow principles apply. Make sure the snippet is good and isn't sourced from a proprietary or GPL codebase.
  - This means very limited use of tab-completion style AI is allowed, though frowned upon.

---

These restrictions are there to:
- keep the project a human project
  - empathic
  - inviting
  - intriguing
- keep the project maintainable
  - enjoyable
  - quality
- limit the harms of AI, while not shutting the door for some of the useful sides of AI
- assure the provenance of the project and having no doubts over the copyright status

---

Any person (or bot) not following these guidelines may get muted or banned from the project if said person is deemed to act not in good faith.

These guidelines may evolve over time as the technology and the thinking around it changes.
